Dutch Apple Pie (courtesy of Ali and Michael) 
Ingredients
Crust-
Bread flour 18oz
White grain sugar 1.5 TBS
Butter 12oz
Applejack 8.5 TBS (or any other apple whiskey)
Filling-
6 Medium Apples
White grain sugar .25 Cups (For apples)
Bread Flour 2 TBS
White grain sugar .66 Cups
Cinnamon .5 TSP
Nutmeg .25 TSP
Allspice .25 TSP
Streusel-
Bread Flour 1.25 Cups
Light Brown Sugar .33 Cups
White grain sugar .33 Cups
Butter 8 TBS
Directions
Crust-
Chill the butter and Applejack for at least an hour before use. In a food processor combine the flour and sugar with 3-4 pulses. Chop the butter into 8 pieces. Next add half the butter and pulse 5-6 times. Then add the other half of the butter and pulse an additional 4-5 times.
Now add the Apple jack 2-3 TBS at a time, sprinkle over the top of mixture and pulse 5 times, and repeat till all the Applejack is added.
Wrap the mixture in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least an hour. 

Filling-
Preheat the oven to 425 f and move one rack to the bottom and one to the middle.
Peel and core all apples and slice them into 8ths (each slice should be about ½ inch wide). Set the apples aside in a large bowl. Add the .25 cups of sugar to the apples and toss. Then take the Apples and put them in a colander and put the colander over the large bowl (This will sugar the apples and let the extra liquid drain away). Let the apples sit for about 1 hour.
Now the large bowl will have a few ounces of apple sugar in it, it is not needed for the rest of the recipe but makes a good base for an apple caramel. Throw out or save the apple sugar and clean the bowl.
Take the empty large bowl and put the apples back in it. Now combine the apples, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice till the apples are coated. 
Pie Assembly-
Take out the dough disk from the fridge and place it on a lightly floured piece of wax paper. Roll out till it fits over the top of the pan. Place the dough in the Pan and work it till the base and sides of the pan are evenly covered. 
Take the apple mixture and pour into the pie pan, flattening out the apples as needed.
Streusel-
In a medium mixing bowl melt 8 TBS of butter (1 stick). Add in the flour, brown sugar, and white sugar. With a fork mix till it is completely combined. 
Reserve for later.
Baking-
Place the pie on the bottom rack for 30 minutes
Move the pie to the middle rack for 10 minutes.
Now take the pie out and put the Streusel over the top, try to evenly cover.
Place Pie back on the middle rack for 20 more minutes.
Take out pie and let cool, server with vanilla ice cream.
