Pulled Pork

1 (5 to 7 pound) pork roast, preferably shoulder or Boston butt (the cheaper the cut of port the better)

Dry Rub:
3 tablespoons paprika (Smoked Paprika is best)
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon brown sugar
1 tablespoon dry mustard
3 tablespoons coarse sea salt

Cider-Vinegar Barbecue Sauce
1 1/2 cups apple cider vinegar
1 cup yellow honey mustard
1/2 cup ketchup
1/3 cup packed brown sugar
2 garlic cloves, smashed
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon cayenne
1/2 teaspoon black pepper  

Mix the paprika, garlic power, brown sugar, dry mustard, and salt together in a small bowl. Rub the spice blend all over the pork. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or up to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Put the pork in a roasting pan cover tightly with aluminum foil and roast it for about 6 - 8 hours. An instant-read thermometer stuck into the thickest part of the pork should register 170 degrees F, but basically, what you want to do is to roast it until it's falling apart.  If you have more time, lower the heat to 250 and roast 10 or so hours.
While the pork is roasting, make the barbecue sauce. Combine the vinegar, mustard, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic, salt, cayenne, and black pepper in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer gently, stirring, for 10 minutes until the sugar dissolves. Take it off the heat and let it sit until you're ready for it.  If putting into a squeeze bottle be sure to strain the sauce, otherwise it will block the nozzle.
When the pork is done, take it out of the oven and put it on a large platter. Allow the meat to rest for about 20 minutes. While the pork is still warm, you want to "pull" the meat Grab 2 forks. Using 1 to steady the meat, use the other to "pull" shreds of meat off the roast. Put the shredded pork in a bowl and pour half of the sauce over. Stir it all up well so that the pork is coated with the sauce: '"
To serve, spoon the pulled pork mixture onto the bottom half of hamburger bun, and top with additional sauce.
